# abe-scripts
A collection of scripts to help me with my Attribute-Based Encryption (ABE) paper.  
The code is split into different folders for each individual sub-application.
## abe-scheme
This folder contains the conceptual system implementation, split into client, database, and authority.  
Benchmark results for encoding schemes, upload / download times, and space overhead can be found in the `results` folder.

For the system to work, the `key authority`, the `database` and `postgreSQL` must be running in the background for a `client` to be able to upload and download files.
(Technically, the `key authority` only has to be online for private key exchange, which is a desirable feature for `key authorities`)
Each application can be run by executing `go run .` in each relevant folder.

For PostgreSQL, the Docker image can be used (`docker pull postgres`) with the following command:
```
docker run --name postgres-container -e POSTGRES_PASSWORD=pwd -p 5432:5432 -d postgres
```


## scheme-benchmarking
This folder contains the code for benchmarking the large ABE libraries.
The benchmarks cover `setup`, `key generation`, `AND encryption`, `OR encryption`, `AND decryption`, `OR decryption` and `ciphertext size` for the libraries `Charm`, `GoFE`, `CIRCL`, `Rabe` and `OpenABE`.
Precomputed results can be found in the `results` folder.

The rust library `Rabe` and the go libraries `GoFE` and `CIRCL` should run without problems with the dependency versions defined in their respective configuration files.
The `Charm` library does not work on the newest Python version, so downgrading to an older version (e.g. 3.7.5) is the most frictionless solution.
`OpenABE` is quite difficult to set up, as the underlying math library has updated a considerable amount since `OpenABE` has stopped being maintained. The easiest way of running `OpenABE` is using a Docker image,
such as this one by [Lorenzo](https://github.com/lorenzo1300/openabe)
## plot-generator
This folder contains functions for generating pseudodata of variable length that mimics real-world data and can be used for the scheme and system benchmarks.
Pseudodata generated by these functions will look something like this:
```json
{
    "id": "18953729",
    "name": {
      "name_prefix": "",
      "first_name": "Gladyce",
      "last_name": "Eichmann"
    },
    "date_of_birth": "1946-02-04T15:29:57.197003575Z",
    "address": "314 South Groveport, San Bernardino, Wisconsin 41828",
    "phone": "6225754615",
    "email": "kenyonhaag@cartwright.biz",
    "insurance": "Humana",
    "emergency_contact": {
      "name": {
        "name_prefix": "",
        "first_name": "Wilhelmine",
        "last_name": "Labadie"
      },
      "phone": "5073005250",
      "email": "tiffanypowlowski@crooks.name",
      "address": "990 Port Portville, Henderson, New Hampshire 92329"
    },
    "created_date": "1926-07-04T22:06:58.092104116Z",
    "records": [
      {
        "patient_id": "18953729",
        "provider_id": "859335",
        "date": "2011-09-01T10:43:15.980530897Z",
        "notes": "Id veniam excepturi dolorum voluptatem iste magni.",
        "cancer_type": "Glioblastoma",
        "tumor_location": "Et non dolorem nesciunt.",
        "biomarkers": "Doloremque assumenda laboriosam debitis.",
        "treatment_plan": "Quo aliquam nulla at rerum provident quo ab repudiandae fuga itaque facere modi eveniet id sit quidem quod et.",
        "last_treatment_date": "1962-05-13T00:49:52.889744714Z"
      }
    ]
  }
```
## fhe-testing
This folder contains tests in three different fully homomorphic encryption libraries. There are no rigorous benchmarking functions, but time recording for basic arithmetic and gate functions over encrypted data.
